Rewrite the Sensitive data in state article to be usage! (#794)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.12.x/docs/language/manage-sensitive-data.mdx

## Requirements

The following requirements are tied to specific blocks and arguments you can use to handle sensitive values in your Terraform configuration:

- Use Terraform 0.15 or later to add the `sensitive` argument to `variable` and `output` blocks
- Use Terraform 1.10 or later to add the `ephemeral` argument to variables and child module outputs, or add the `ephemeral` block
- Use Terraform 1.11 or later to use a write-only argument on a managed resource

Each provider defines any available `ephemeral` blocks and write-only arguments on their managed resources. Reference the [Terraform registry](https://registry.terraform.io) to learn more about what your provider supports.

## Determine how to handle your sensitive data

To decide how to handle sensitive values in your configuration, start by determining whether you want to hide values from the Terraform CLI and HCP Terraform UI, or prevent Terraform from storing those values entirely.

> You can add the `sensitive` argument to `variable` or `output` blocks to make Terraform redact those values from CLI output and in the HCP Terraform UI. Terraform also treats any expressions that reference a sensitive variable or output as inherently sensitive. Learn more [about sensitive variables and outputs](#hide-sensitive-variables-and-outputs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the `sensitive` argument to `variable` or `output` blocks so that Terraform redacts those values from CLI output and in the HCP Terraform UI. Terraform also treats any expressions that reference a sensitive variable or output as inherently sensitive. Refer to  [Hide sensitive variables and outputs](#hide-sensitive-variables-and-outputs) for instructions on hiding sensitive data in variables and outputs.
```
Without using the heading as the linked text, readers might think that the link goes to a conceptual page.

Ephemeral values are available at runtime, but Terraform omits them from state and plan files entirely. Terraform provides four ways to define ephemeral values in your configuration:

- The `ephemeral` argument on variables and child module outputs
- The `ephemeral` block
- A write-only argument on a managed resource

> Learn more about [ephemeral values and their restrictions](#omit-values-from-state-and-plan-files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about ephemeral values and their restrictions, refer to [Omit values from state and plan files](#omit-values-from-state-and-plan-files).
```
Similar logic as the previous comment about matching the linked text and destination for the reader.

> You can also add both the `ephemeral` and `sensitive` arguments to `variable` and child module `output` blocks to prevent Terraform from storing their values and redacting those values in the Terraform CLI and HCP Terraform UI. Learn more about [hiding values in the CLI without storing them](#hide-values-without-storing-them).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add both the `ephemeral` and `sensitive` arguments to `variable` and child module `output` blocks to prevent Terraform from storing their values. Doing so redacts those values in the Terraform CLI and HCP Terraform UI. Learn more about [hiding values in the CLI without storing them](#hide-values-without-storing-them).
```
Right? The goal is not to _prevent_ Terraform from redacting the values, you _want_ it to redact the values.

## Hide values without storing them

You can add the `sensitive` argument to variables and child module outputs that have the `ephemeral` argument to combine their benefits. The following `database_password` variable is omitted from state and plan files, and the value is redacted in the Terraform CLI and the HCP Terraform UI:

<CodeBlockConfig highlight="4-5">

```hcl
variable "database_password" {
  description = "Password for the database instance"
  type        = string
  sensitive   = true
  ephemeral   = true
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

To learn more about the `ephemeral` argument, refer to [Omit values from state and plan files](#omit-values-from-state-and-plan-files).

## Omit values from state and plan files

Ephemeral values are available at the run time of an operation, but Terraform omits them from state and plan files. Because Terraform does not store ephemeral values, you must capture any generated values you want to preserve in another resource or output in your configuration.

> Terraform provides four ways to define ephemeral values in your configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following methods ways to define ephemeral values in your configuration:
```
I count three ways, btw

Author: Lol thank you, this is what I get for naming a number and changing my mind on formatting 😂

- The [`ephemeral` argument on variables and child module outputs](#add-the-ephemeral-argument-to-a-variable-or-output)
- The [`ephemeral` block](#use-the-ephemeral-block)
- A [write-only argument](#use-write-only-arguments) on a managed resource

> Ephemeral values do restrict where you can reference them in your configuration. You can only refer to ephemeral values in the following contexts, otherwise Terraform throws an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform restricts where you can reference ephemeral values in your configuration. You can only refer to ephemeral values in the following contexts:
```
